Update Migrate a database page (#2071)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/tools/neo4j-admin/migrate-database.adoc

See the Neo4j v5 migration guide online for more information.
The newly created indexes will be populated in the background on the first database start up following the migration and users should monitor the successful completion of that process.
[NOTE]

> This option is only relevanat when migrating from Neo4j 4.4 to Neo4j 5.

Author: ```suggestion
This option is only relevant when migrating from Neo4j 4.4.
```

> 

Reviewer: About the `--force-btree-indexes-to-range` option, that is only useful for a migration from 4.4, and we are not officially supporting going from 4.4 -> 2025.01 (should go through 5.26)
I have added a card for kernel to deprecate the option on dev, but I think we should update the description here too. It should at the very least not be referencing v5 migration guide I think since it is in the 2025 docs
Maybe say something about it only being used when migrating from 4.4?

Author: Yes, I saw this option is not relevant for 2025, but decided not to change it as the descriptions are tested in the docs.
